Updating Fusion thread information (#8554)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/fusion/about-fusion.md

> ### Thread management

Reviewer: sugg something more clear with key keywords for seo and geo
```suggestion
### How Fusion handles threads
```

Author: Going to leave the title as is as the plan is to eventually phase out this portion of the page. See the next comment for more context

> The <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> manages parallelism differently than <Constant name="core" />. Rather than treating the `threads` setting as a strict limit on concurrent operations, Fusion optimizes parallelism based on each adapter's characteristics.

Reviewer: i wonder if we should use the snippet here (import FusionThreads from '/snippets/_fusion-threads.md';) too instead of writing the same thing but in a diff layout and then linking to threads? might be helpful to just let th euser know here on the page rather than have them go to threads 

esp as we're introducing parallelism here too. basically same feedback as https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8554/changes#r2781730192

Author: We're going to eventually remove this as part of the Fusion first initiative, since this really should be addressed in the /docs and not the intro. It doesn't need to be in three places and this is an interim step to start getting the users accustomed to the upgrade guide and threads page

- **Snowflake and Databricks**: Fusion ignores user-set threads and automatically optimizes parallelism for maximum performance.
- **BigQuery and Redshift**: Fusion respects user-set threads to manage rate limits and concurrency constraints.

> For Snowflake and Databricks, setting `--threads 0` or omitting the setting allows Fusion to dynamically optimize. Low thread values can significantly slow down performance on these platforms.

Reviewer 2: This is not correct, it should be "For BigQuery and Redshift". Snowflake and dbx default to the threads 0 beehavior.

> For Snowflake and Databricks, setting `--threads 0` or omitting the setting allows Fusion to dynamically optimize. Low thread values can significantly slow down performance on these platforms.

Author: ```suggestion
For BigQuery and Redshift, setting `--threads 0` or omitting the setting allows Fusion to dynamically optimize. Low thread values can significantly slow down performance on these platforms.
```

For more information, refer to [Using threads](/docs/running-a-dbt-project/using-threads#fusion-engine-thread-optimization).

> ### How to use Fusion

Reviewer: out of scope but should this be an h2?

Reviewer: <img width="200" height="368" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab7dd847-9ae0-41d0-ab5c-1a52f8789cd0" />
